hello gobby and welcome to another video
for plants vs. zombies garden warfare 2
now this time round I noticed something
while watching an interview that Jeremy
van Hooser did with GameTrailers calm so
I'm going to show you what I found and
I'll talk about it afterwards
here's the year then little snippet
so there you go it's just in the middle
of the screen at the background as I
slowed it down you can see there that
the scientist is using a heel beat so
does this mean that the hill station is
now going to be retired there's no need
for anymore
I'm not too sure maybe it'd still be
incorporated because if you think about
it the the sunflower has the healing pot
and also the heal beam as well so maybe
because it's the opposite way for an to
a degree that's the reason why now the
scientist has a heal beam instead so
it'll be quite interesting what do you
think of this new ability that the
scientist has I've seen it healing I've
seen it healing the in the clip there I
also was speaking to been delicious and
she said that she has also seen a clip
with it's healing a turret so yeah it's
pretty cool what do you think it's a new
ability let me know in the comment
section and if I find any more little
things like this I'll be sure to post a
video about it hope you've enjoyed don't
forget to Like comment and subscribe and
I'll catch y'all very soon with some
more pvz gw2 information bye for now